c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.exe
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.pdb
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.g.resources
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.exe
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.pdb
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Tasks.baml
c:\users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Tasks.g.cs
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Assets\ModernUI.PomodoroTheme.baml
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\CountDownTimer.dll
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\CountDownTimer.pdb
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TimerPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TimerPanel.baml
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskGridView.baml
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskGridView.g.cs
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.exe.config
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.Wpf.40.dll
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.Wpf.40.xml
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskPanelView.baml
C:\Users\gefry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskPanelView.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.exe.config
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.exe
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.pdb
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Assets\ModernUI.PomodoroTheme.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskGridView.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Controls\TaskViewControl.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Tasks.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TaskGridView.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TimerPanel.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Controls\TaskViewControl.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Tasks.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_Content.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Content\TimerPanel.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.exe
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Pomodoro.pdb
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.Wpf.40.dll
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.Wpf.40.xml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.g.resources
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Controls\ToDayInformationControl.baml
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Controls\ToDayInformationControl.g.cs
E:\WorkRepositories\Pomodoro\Pomodoro\obj\Debug\Pomodoro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
